Recreate pr 408 (#435)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/set-up-build-infrastructure/which-build-infrastructure-is-right-for-me.md

---
title: Which build infrastructure is right for me?
description: Compare Harness-hosted and self-hosted CI build infrastructure options.

sidebar_position: 10
---

> 

Reviewer: @aimurphy I know you are editing content that Nofar wrote. I don't think this topic clearly describes the pros and cons of each infrastructure. Please work with Nofar on additional details about each infrastructure.

Author: I will address this with her for future updates to the topic.

You can run builds on Harness-hosted machines or your own infrastructure. Self-hosted build infrastructure can be local or in a Kubernetes cluster.

# Harness Cloud (Harness-hosted options)

:::info

Available with all CI plans.

:::

> With Harness Cloud you can run builds in isolation on machines hosted and maintained by Harness. You can run builds at scale on Linux, Windows, and macOS machines that are preinstalled with software commonly used in CI pipelines.

Reviewer: Avoid passive voice.

> With Harness Cloud you can run builds in isolation on machines hosted and maintained by Harness. You can run builds at scale on Linux, Windows and macOS machines that are preinstalled with software commonly used in CI pipelines.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With Harness Cloud you can run builds in isolation on machines hosted and maintained by Harness. You can run builds at scale on Linux, Windows, and macOS machines that are preinstalled with software commonly used in CI pipelines.
```

Harness maintains and upgrades these machines so that you can focus on building great software instead of maintaining build infrastructure.

To use Harness Cloud, go to [Get started with Harness Cloud](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-integration/ci-quickstarts/hosted-builds-on-virtual-machines-quickstart/).

# Self-hosted options

> 

Reviewer: Add text between headings.

Author: addressed in subsequent change

> ## Local

Reviewer: Suggest making "Local" and "Kubernetes cluster" tabs instead of headings.

Author: addressed in subsequent change

:::info

Available with all CI plans.

:::

> With the Local runner (also known as the Docker runner) you can run builds on a local machine. You can execute build steps in Docker containers or directly on the host machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the local runner, which is also known as the Docker runner, you can run builds on a local machine. You can execute build steps in Docker containers or directly on the host machine.
```

Reviewer: Avoid parentheses. Readers often skip text in parentheses.

To learn more, go to [Define a local build infrastructure](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/set-up-build-infrastructure/define-a-docker-build-infrastructure).

## Kubernetes cluster

:::info

Available only with paid CI plans.

:::

Executing builds in a Kubernetes cluster is useful when you want to run ephemeral builds at scale in your own infrastructure.

When running builds in a Kubernetes cluster, each CI stage executes in a pod, and the stage's steps share the pod's resources.

To learn more about using a Kubernetes cluster as build infrastructure, go to [Define a Kubernetes cluster build infrastructure](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/set-up-build-infrastructure/set-up-a-kubernetes-cluster-build-infrastructure).

# Compatibility matrix

> The following table shows which operating systems and architectures are supported by each build infrastructure option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table shows which operating systems and architectures that each build infrastructure option supports.
```

Harness hosts, maintains, and upgrades these machines so that you can focus on building great software instead of maintaining build infrastructure.

Harness Cloud is available with all CI plans. To use Harness Cloud, go to [Get started with Harness Cloud](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-integration/ci-quickstarts/hosted-builds-on-virtual-machines-quickstart/).

# Self-hosted options

Self-hosted build infrastructure can be local or in a Kubernetes cluster.

```mdx-code-block
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
```

```mdx-code-block
<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="local" label="Local" default>
```

With the local runner, which is also known as the Docker runner, you can run builds on a local machine. You can execute build steps in Docker containers or directly on the host machine.

Self-hosted local build infrastructure is available with all CI plans. To learn more, go to [Define a local build infrastructure](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/set-up-build-infrastructure/define-a-docker-build-infrastructure).

```mdx-code-block
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="k8s" label="Kubernetes cluster">
```

:::info

> Available only with paid CI plans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option is available only with paid CI plans.
```
